I I'd like to give you a quick overview
/ simple functionalities of course the
more obvious sync functionality is a
white boarding the way you start is very
easy you just need to create a room and
give it a name and then share the name
with other people you would like to join
in your in your ear your meeting in this
case I choose the name test I already
brought it in before all three devices
on test the laptop that's actually a
safari so it's a browser and you just
need to visit my simple calm / the name
of the room so in this case will be
messing calm / test and that's it that's
all you need to know in order to start
working and you can have a nice meeting
with all your collaborators and white
boarding & brain store remotely and
still share the same whiteboard like you
are on the very same room but that's not
all simple door for other great
functionality they're excellent for
remote meanings for example you can
import PDF so I've desire PDF for
example loaded in my machine and I can
give a presentation this way I can
advance pages everyone is going to
advance at the same time when I decide
so you don't have to keep telling and
people on which slide are you right now
and tell them to advance you just do it
for them you can see all the thumbnails
of the other pages so you can quickly
jump from it from a slide to another now
you can while we don't import directly
ki not files and PowerPoint files you
can simply export them as a PDF and just
use them for your scene bed now you know
that you might not have all these files
always on your iPad well that's not a
problem because if you use Dropbox we
actually integrate with Dropbox so let's
load something from Dropbox i'm already
logged in in my account so these are all
my files i just need to choose the one i
want to show you not show you now let's
load these this is a graph no I don't
wanna turn
this is a graph on actually I'll think
that works as you can see all the magic
happens in there in the cloud we use
internet as a bridge between all the
devices so all of that can be sink and
without being on the very same network
or on over Bluetooth the way we do it we
use internet so you can really be in
different countries and still see all
the everything that happening like with
the with no delay actually what you're
seeing here the way it works we anything
I am drawing here it goes to the
internet and it bounced back so even if
you see a real time and they're so close
to each other we still use the internet
to share the drawing so it's really the
perfect remote solution and let's say
you have different strokes stroke size
this is thinner this is even thinner and
of course we have different colors and
once you're done after you're done with
your meeting you can maybe send an email
to the other people with the nice
reminder of what your we're just talking
about and share with other people you
can also save it back in your library or
save it back on your Dropbox for later
users and let's say stay tuned for all
the new features that coming out very
soon for sympathy and thank you for
watching